app/vminsert: properly send rows to legacy vmstorages (#11234)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly handle connections to legacy vmstorages that don't support the RPC protocol. See [#11146](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11146).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): Now drops metadata blocks when communicating with vmstorage nodes over the legacy RPC protocol. To avoid this limitation, upgrade `vmstorage` to a version that supports the new RPC protocol (>= [v1.137.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md#v11370)). See [#11146](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11146).
```
